#### Huement User Interface [ hui ]

HUI is the fast, flexible and dynamic User Interface. It supports HTML 4 & 5, CSS 1-3, and numerous jQuery Plugins.

##### Users First. Design Second.

Huement User Interface is designed around the idea that there are knowns, and unknowns, unknown unknowns, and known unknowns. HUI can adapt to almost all viewport sizes, and has multiple fallbacks for various end user systems. It also supports a standard touch interface from the get go, and can be easily integrated into any project, online or offline, anywhere supporting javascript and css.

##### Promiscuously UnOriginal

Many of HUI's features are built on the backs of giants. Tried and true design standards will help ensure your project looks the same across all browsers. This is why one of the core features of HUI is an adapted Yahoo User Interface reset css file. CSS3 custom styles and themes are also included, ensuring you can easily customize and design across projects with the same familiar class names, just alter the theme css file for a unique look.

#### Technology

HUI aims to take advantage of all emerging web technologies, while ensuring users with standard or older equipment will still have full functionality and style on their older or standard issue browsers. 

HUI also helps your site or application remain access to all end users. Large dynamic text sizes and finger friendly buttons allow users off all sizes and abilities to easily and quickly navigate and interact with your code.

Multi Media support is supported in a number of ways. XML playlists called via AJAX allow you to host and stream from S3 Buckets or Dropbox accounts, while support for dynamic PHP generated playlists is also available. YouTube video streaming is accomplished via YouTube's official javascript player. Playlist support can again be static files or dynamically created with PHP and YouTube's search API.

#### Flexibility

HUI supports a variety of projects right out of the box. Tutorials for Lithium PHP Framework integration can be found here: [HUI HomePage](http://huement.com/hui) along with other tutorials, and examples.

While it can be used almost anywhere, HUI fits almost anywhere! Support for fluid layouts is paramount! Our unique grid system will allow you to quickly size up and layout any project!